README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/twentytwokhz/quote-of-the-day">
    <img src="./qotd.png" alt="Logo" height=100>
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Quote of the Day</h3>

  <p align="center">
    An Obsidian plugin to insert random quotes as Markdown.
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/twentytwokhz/quote-of-the-day/issues">Report a Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/twentytwokhz/quote-of-the-day/issues">Request a Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

This plugin allows you to insert a famous quote in Markdown format. It is relying on an external API that can be changed via settings.

Courtesy to [Sergey Sokurenko](https://github.com/ssokurenko) for providing the default API with the quotes. Thank you!

## Installing

Find this plugin in the listing of community plugins in Obsidian and add it to your application.

Or, if you'd like to install it manually, clone this repository to the `.obsidian/plugins/` directory in your vault, navigate to your newly cloned folder, run `npm i` or `yarn` to install dependencies, and run `npm run build` or `yarn build` to compile the plugin.

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Options

You can customize the source API from which the plugin retrieves the quotes.

Currently it requires the response object to contain an `author` and a `text` property.

The following setting are available:

| Setting         | Description                                                          |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Quote API URL   | URl for the API that returns the quotes                              |
| Author Property | Json Property on the response to use for displaying quote **Author** |
| Text Property   | Json Property on the response to use for displaying quote **Text**   |

### Quote API Url

This is the API URL from which the plugin will retrieve the list of quotes.

`Expected quote format`

```json
{
	"text": "lorem ipsum",
	"author": "John Doe"
}
```

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file for details

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Florin Bobis - [@twentytwokhz](https://github.com/twentytwokhz) - florinbobis@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/twentytwokhz/quote-of-the-day](https://github.com/twentytwokhz/quote-of-the-day)

Commit message:

Refactored to use Quotable API

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/twentytwokhz/quote-of-the-day">
    <img src="./qotd.png" alt="Logo" height=100>
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Quote of the Day</h3>

  <p align="center">
    An Obsidian plugin to insert random quotes as Markdown.
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/twentytwokhz/quote-of-the-day/issues">Report a Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/twentytwokhz/quote-of-the-day/issues">Request a Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

This plugin allows you to insert a famous quote in Markdown format. It is relying on the [Quotable](https://github.com/lukePeavey/quotable) API.

Courtesy to [Luke Peavey](https://github.com/lukePeavey) for providing this beautiful API for free. Thank you!

## Installing

Find this plugin in the listing of community plugins in Obsidian and add it to your application.

Or, if you'd like to install it manually, clone this repository to the `.obsidian/plugins/` directory in your vault, navigate to your newly cloned folder, run `npm i` or `yarn` to install dependencies, and run `npm run build` or `yarn build` to compile the plugin.

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Options

The following setting are available:

| Setting          | Description                                                    |
| ---------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Quote Format     | Format in which to display the quote                           |
| Quote Tag Format | Format in which to display the tags in the footer of the quote |
| Show Tags        | Toggle display of tags in the footer of the quote              |

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file for details

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Florin Bobis - [@twentytwokhz](https://github.com/twentytwokhz) - florinbobis@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/twentytwokhz/quote-of-the-day](https://github.com/twentytwokhz/quote-of-the-day)
